In terms of error handling, what if an
item runs into collector doesn't have like
a increment score method or
the appropriate behavior?
>> It will cause an error.
So let's actually go back to the script so
I can show you how you
might want to handle this.
So if I were to write an if statement and
say if other.gameobject.get
component score does not equal null.
Then do that, however, in this game, there
shouldn't be anything running into that,
that doesn't have a score component.
So that is a little bit
of a simplification.
So, actually, I wrote that out.
If the other game object
has a score component,
it's not actually doing this if check but
theoretically, yes, it should.
And if anything did run into it
that didn't have a score component,
it would cause an error.
So, good question, yes.
>> Is there a formatter or
a linter for Unity code?
>> I don't think so, I mean.
I generally just get by with
the tools that VS Code provides and
what Unity provides as an install,
but the no, I don't think so.
I mean, I'm sure there's
something like that out there.
I've never bothered to look.
Haven't needed it really.
>> Yeah, just doing so.
Some quick searching it sounds
like there's a C# format or
built into the C# extension.
>> Okay.
>> This code so you can.
>> There you go.
>> Format on Save.
>> Cool, okay, any other questions?
>> This might be a silly question, but
how are we getting access to
transform inside of this file?
I don't see it declared or
imported anywhere.
>> So
it's part of the mono behavior class.
So yeah,
every game object has a transform.
And so it can just be assumed that it's
there and it will be able to grab it.
So yeah, that's not something even though
it is a component, it's not a component we
need to call and get component on because
every game object has to transform.
>> Our game objects class always
requires a mono behavior?
>> No, so
mono behavior is the component class.
So that's how we create components
that get attached to game objects.
But mono behavior is able to find
other components on its game object.